Mention using `node_timex` metrics to diagnose clock skew in runbook (#6939)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/manage/mimir-runbooks/_index.md

Common **causes**:

- Your code has a single target that exposes the same time series multiple times, or multiple targets with identical labels.

> - System time of your Prometheus instance has been shifted backwards. If this was a mistake, fix the system time back to normal. Otherwise, wait until the system time catches up to the time it was changed. You can run this query to identify clock skew on any hosts `abs(node_time_seconds - timestamp(node_time_seconds))`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- System time of your Prometheus instance has been shifted backwards. If this was a mistake, fix the system time back to normal. Otherwise, wait until the system time catches up to the time it was changed. Using [node exporter](https://github.com/prometheus/node_exporter) metrics identify clock skew on any hosts using this promQL query: `abs(node_time_seconds - timestamp(node_time_seconds))`.
```

> - System time of your Prometheus instance has been shifted backwards. If this was a mistake, fix the system time back to normal. Otherwise, wait until the system time catches up to the time it was changed. Using [node exporter](https://github.com/prometheus/node_exporter) metrics identify clock skew on any hosts using this promQL query: `abs(node_time_seconds - timestamp(node_time_seconds))`.

Reviewer 2: > abs(node_time_seconds - timestamp(node_time_seconds))

This query doesn't measure the clock skew of a target node. It's a rough measurement of the difference between the node timestamp and Prometheus timestamp when it received the scrape response, but you don't know which of the 2 nodes have a clock skew (maybe none, maybe one of the two, maybe both).

A better approach may be using timex metrics, like `node_timex_maxerror_seconds` and `node_timex_estimated_error_seconds`.

Author: Thanks for looking into this @pracucci. I have updated the PR. Could you please review it again and let me know if that looks good?
